Aneesh and Alex demonstrated the docker image running on their computers.

Client asked why it is so large being 19gbs. Wondering if we could use a smaller model, even though we are using the demonstrated model.

The root folder in the linux server has 20 gigs of storage. Client is trying to figure this out.

When demoing we domonstrated the admin role and conversation went to normal user sign up.
We changed Alex's account to show what the app looks like for a normal user. 
The client wanted to see everything running together. 

The client wants quantified results to gauge how well the AI has generated a template or a summary. 


The prompt needs to be updated to not focus on hurricanes and to general and apply to all crisis.

In template generation the most important part is to help the llm generate the template.

In order to do this we need to give the LLM a template when generating a template to help it understand what its doing.

Give it context for multiple locations of the disaster type so that it can create a generalized template. 

The admin should give context in template form as we are prompting and teaching the llm to generalize the template for any version of this disaster

Each crisis event will have multiple events, each event will have multiple articles to five information. The admin will provide all of these articles and template.
The llm will then map all of this information to make a GENERAL template for the crisis. (see template_information.png)

"what I meant by template generation is to give example templates across different types so it will learn to generalize And then it can do that for other different types."
^^ this is a major point of contention
We didn't understand why the admin is providing a template if we are generating one.

This information needs to go into the prompt.

If this is too much information to give to the llm provide article summaries rather than the full article. We will limit character count on frontend.

The articles will not follow the template format, but we need to include the basic information needed for the template.